1. INTRODUCTION1.1 This application, (the “App”) has been developed by [insert]1 (“our”, “we” or “us”). 1.2 As a user of this App (“you”, “your”) you acknowledge and agree that the use of this App is governed by these terms and conditions of use (the “Terms”). Please read the Terms carefully before using this App as they contain important information about your rights and obligations. If you have any questions about these Terms please email us at [insert contact email address]2 1.3 By accessing and viewing this App you agree that you have read, understood and become bound by the Terms. If you do not wish to be bound by the Terms you may not use this App. 1.4 Material on this App is directed solely at users who are at least sixteen (16) years of age.1.5 Material on this App is directed solely at users who are located within Ireland at the time of use.1.6 We reserve the right, in our discretion, to delete or deactivate this App, block user [email or IP addresses]3, or otherwise terminate user access to or use of this App (or any part thereof), immediately, without notice and remove and discard any user content within Our App, for any reason, including, without limitation, if we believe that the user has acted inconsistently with the Terms. You agree that we shall have no liability to you or any third party for any termination of your access to Our App.2. DISCLAIMER2.1 All material, content and information on this App is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should not assume that the content on this App is continuously updated or otherwise contains current and/or accurate information.2.2 We do not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, concerning material, content and information on this App, which are provided “as is”. We exclude all express or implied terms, conditions, warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever in relation to the viewing, use or performance of this App or any information provided through this App.2.3 Your use of this App is at your own risk. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we shall not, under any circumstances, be liable to you in contract, tort (including without limitation negligence) or otherwise howsoever for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential loss that results from your use of or access to, this App or any material, information or content thereon (including but not limited to any loss: (i) arising out of or in connection with the use of or the inability to use this App; (ii) arising out of or in connection with any changes to this App; (iii) arising out of or in connection with any material or data sent or received or not sent or received or lost; or (iv) that otherwise arises out of or in connection with this App or any content, material or information thereon) including but not limited to any such loss suffered as a result of our negligence or any inaccuracy, act, error, omission or any other cause and whether or not on the part of our part or on the part of any other person or entity even if such loss is foreseeable or we have been advised of the possibility of it. Without prejudice to the foregoing, we shall not be liable in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence) or otherwise howsoever to you for any direct or indirect loss of profit, data, opportunity or reputation. 2.4 While using this App you shall not:(a) encroach upon or trespass (or attempt to encroach upon or trespass) upon private property; and/or(b) engage in any activity which may cause or result in death or personal injury to you or another individual; and/or(c) cause damage or nuisance to the property of another personand we shall not be liable in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence) or otherwise howsoever to you or any other person in the event that you engage in any of these prohibited activities.2.5 The disclaimer in this section 2 shall not operate to exclude any term, warranty or liability that may not be excluded under Irish Law.3. [INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND MATERIALS3.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property in this App including but not limited to copyright, moral rights, patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, designs (software or otherwise), database rights, whether registered or unregistered generally present and future in and relating to this App (the “Intellectual Property”). This Intellectual Property is protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.3.2 You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from this App for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on this App.3.3 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials or Intellectual Property you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.3.4 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on this App must always be acknowledged.3.5 You must not use any part of the content on this App for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.3.6 If you print off, copy or download any part of this App in breach of these terms and conditions of use, your right to use this App will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.]44. THIRD PARTY LINKS4.1 This App may contain links to other websites or applications. In no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any company, content or products to which this App links. If you decide to access any of third party websites or applications linked to this App, you do so entirely at your own risk. We make no representation or warranty whatsoever about any other website or application which you may access through this App.4.2 We are not responsible for the availability or content of any third party website or application and shall not be liable for any loss, or damage arising out of or connection with the use (or non-use) or reliance on such third party websites or applications.4.3 Please note that third party websites or applications may send their own cookies to users to collect data or solicit personal information, and you are therefore advised to check the terms to use and/or privacy and cookie policies/statements on those third party websites or applications prior to using them.5. DATA PROTECTION, PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE POLICY5.1 [We respect your privacy. We have prepared a privacy policy which explains our data processing practices and the way in which your personal data is used. We reserve the right to change, modify or otherwise alter our privacy policy at any time. A copy of the most recent version of our privacy policy, which forms an integral part of these Terms can be obtained at [insert link]. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us at [insert contact email address]. By accessing and viewing this App you agree that we may process your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.]55.2 [A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website and it will recognise your device on future visit. For more information on the cookies which we use and how cookies can be enabled and disabled by you, please read our cookie policy which forms an integral part of these Terms. We reserve the right to change, modify or otherwise alter our cookie policy at any time. A copy of the most recent version of our cookie policy can be obtained at [insert link].]66. GENERAL6.1 Law: These Terms (terms, conditions, disclaimers and exclusions) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Ireland and the courts of Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Terms.6.2 Communications: You acknowledge and agree that the nature of communication via the Internet is such that we do not guarantee the security, privacy or confidentiality of communications transmitted via the Internet from unauthorised access, interference or interception by third parties. No liability will attach to us in the event of unauthorised access, interference or interception by third parties to this App or any of your content or any communication system.6.3 Changes to the Terms and Conditions: We may, at our discretion and without notice, amend the Terms from time to time, the most recent of which will be located on this App.6.4 Modifications to the Site: We may, at our discretion and without notice suspend, terminate, modify or vary content available on this App and restrict access to, and availability of, this App.6.5 Severability: If the whole or any part of a provision of these Terms is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then the provision so found shall be deemed severable and deleted from them.6.6 Assignment: We may, at our discretion assign or transfer any right, title or interest in this App to any successors in title to our business or to a third party. 6.7 Availability of this App: We will try to make this App available but cannot guarantee that this Site will operate continuously or without interruptions or will be error free and can accept no liability for its unavailability. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of this App and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website router or any other Internet connected device.Draft 1: 27 July 2020